♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hat
Pirates reach the New World
and land on Punk Hazard.
After they discover that
the Master of the island,
Caesar Clown, has been
performing terrible experiments,
they set off to confront him.
Before they got far, however,
Luffy was approached
by Trafalgar Law.
[USOPP, [CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Team up with the Heart Pirates?!
What's the matter with you?!
'Kay.
So we're supposed to kidnap
this Master guy, right?
That's the quickest
way to do this?
Last chance to change your mind.
It's up to you, Straw Hat.
Oh, don't worry.
I'm still with ya!
[laughs]
How does it feel to be set
free after so long, Smiley?
[LUFFY]
"Capture M!
The Pirate Alliance's
Operation Launches!"
My head is killing me.
I must've hit it when
we fell or something.
Ah, perhaps the same
thing happened to me.
My skull aches terribly.
We've wasted too much time.
I wonder how the
samurai's holding up.
I blame you and
this stupid side trip.
[ZORO] Me? I thought it was
something we all agreed on.
[BROOK] A shame we weren't
able to locate the Yeti.
I thought we were close.
Still, those shadows we saw
seemed quite promising,
wouldn't you say?
[SANJI (NAMI)] Those shadows
didn't belong to any Yeti.
You said yourself that
it was an enemy attack.
[BROOK]
No, I did not.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Yes, you did.
[BROOK]
No, I did not.
I don't believe in the Yeti.
I do believe in Yeti.
I don't believe or disbelieve.
I am content to simply
ponder its existence.
Uh-- Y'know, I'm a little
impressed right now.
That's a pretty mature
outlook to have.
Well, wisdom is a benefit
of advanced age.
Sorry, but I'd call
that way of thinking
indecisiveness, not wisdom.
[BROOK]
Hey! Can you hear us, samurai?
Where are you?
[ZORO]
I don't see any prints
those clogs of
his would've left.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Well, this is new.
Look how much my boobs bounce
when I do this girly run!
Hey, focus! You're the one who
wants to save the damn samurai!
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
So romantic!
[SANJI (NAMI), ZORO]
Huh?
No way!
This idiot could fall down
the whole damn mountain
for all I care.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Maybe you don't like me,
but at least treat
Nami's body with respect.
Will you stop bickering for
a moment and come take a look?
Quickly! I see a footprint!
From the samurai's clogs?
[BROOK]
Afraid not.
Then... one left
behind by a centaur?
[BROOK]
No! It's enormous.
Well, what do you think?
This footprint. Could it have
been left by the legendary Yeti?
[BOTH]
Uh-- Not a chance. No way.
Don't be so ridiculous.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Well, damn! It's true!
There are giant
footprints in the snow!
[ZORO]
Huh?
This is just incredible!
I can't believe it!
There are so many of them,
and they look fresh!
If we follow them,
we may find...
[ALL] One of nature's
greatest mysteries.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Looks like they stop here.
[BROOK]
Do you see that?
There are two huge
shadows behind us!
Huh?!
Do you think they could be Yeti?
[ALL gasp, scream]
[SANJI (NAMI)]
What kind of gas is this?
[BROOK]
It's almost as if I'm drunk.
I suddenly find it hard to speak
clearly, and I'm so very tired.
It's an enemy attack!
Don't waste your time
fighting against the effects.
KYP leaves you drunk and drowsy
no matter how high
your tolerance.
[SCOTCH] Beneath this
cliff lies district F-16,
home to the terrible Ice Spikes!
Three targets down.
[BROOK, ZORO, SANJI (NAMI)
scream]
[ZORO]
Hm? Spikes?
Hey, guys, any ideas?
[ZORO gasps]
[ZORO grunts]
[sighs] Well,
that was a close call.
[ROCK] We left them at
the bottom of a cliff
in District F-16.
You'll need to get out there
and recover the bodies.
[SUBORDINATE A] We have
arrived at district F-16.
We found three of the
Straw Hats, as reported.
We will recover the dead bodies.
Huh?
Hate to disappoint you.
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[SUBORDINATE B]
Hey! One of them's alive!
[SUBORDINATE C]
She's just a girl.
She won't fight us.
I wouldn't be so
sure if I were you.
Damn underlings!
[pants] I have to
be more careful.
Nami's body is fragile.
It probably bruises easily.
I don't want to put
a single scratch on it.
I need a smoke,
Nami, my love. Sorry.
[SANJI (NAMI)] And now...
time to wake up, you idiots!
[thud]
[BROOK, ZORO]
Ow!
Anyway, enough hunting
nature's mysteries.
Think the samurai's
around here somewhere?
Yeah. That would make
the most sense, at least.
I'd imagine he's probably
still looking for his torso
in the vicinity of the lake.
[ZORO] We're not far
from the water now.
[BROOK]
Can you hear us, samurai?
Hey, samurai!
Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Samurai!
Did someone kick
your ass already?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
You've gotta be here somewhere!
Answer us! Hello?
[BROOK] If you're able,
please say something.
[BROOK sighs] I truly thought
we would find him here.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Who knows?
Maybe he found his torso already
and went off to
look for his son.
[ZORO]
Uh--
Hey, guys. I think this is him.
[BROOK]
What?
[ZORO]
Well, crap. He's frozen solid.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
One, two, three!
[KIN'EMON gasps, pants]
[SANJI (NAMI)] Hey, you all
right? You don't look too good.
So, someone did kick your ass.
[KIN'EMON] I... I suddenly
became paralyzed.
I thought for certain
that death was upon me.
[SANJI (NAMI)] You mean
you got caught in a snowstorm
and froze solid?
[KIN'EMON wheezes]
No! The cold cannot touch me!
[KIN'EMON shivers]
[SANJI (NAMI) groans]
Quit being so stubborn!
[KIN'EMON] A warrior such as I
does not feel the cold.
[ZORO] This guy's more
trouble than he's worth.
Whip up some clothes.
Or have you already
forgotten your ability?
[KIN'EMON shivering]
The truth is... The magic.
I did not acquire it
without a cost.
Because of it, I now have
a certain weakness.
I, well, ever since
partaking of that fruit,
when submerged in water, I--
You can't swim, right?
Yeah, we know.
Well, you see.
I believe I may know
where my torso is.
I... I suspect that
you might locate it
somewhere underwater.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Underwater?
Yes, that's right.
It feels as if the upper half
of my body is submerged.
I see.
So, that's how you wound up
here, immobilized and frozen.
If your body is underwater,
then you can't use your ability.
You said his torso
was near the lake.
If it's stumbling around
headless, it may have fallen in.
That's possible, and I
believe the lake is salt water,
rather than fresh.
Well, his other bits are
still alive and kicking.
So I think we can assume it
hasn't become shark food yet.
But we have no idea what kind of
creatures are in that lake.
We better get it out
as soon as possible.
That's true. We should
waste no time.
I... I fear that I must ask
if you would be
willing to, uh...
Just ask already.
Damn stubborn samurai.
We'll do it.
[KIN'EMON gasps]
But aren't you people pirates?
And I am an utter
stranger to you.
So why are you so
willing to aid me?
When I saved your head,
I became responsible for you.
But know this:
When you're back in one piece,
we will fight,
and I will kick your ass.
I... I accept your aid
and your challenge.
You have my gratitude.
Well, well. Look who learned
how to say thank you.
The cold taught you manners.
What do ya know?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Huh? What's that?
[BROOK]
Hmm. It's difficult to tell.
Oh! Those look like... centaurs.
Perhaps the ones we robbed?
Brownbeard's subordinates?
Stay with me! Keep running!
We have to get away
from the lake now!
And away from the monster that
appeared on the other side!
How has it been hiding
on the island all this time?
If we can just make it to the
Master, he'll know what to do.
[CENTAUR D] Save your breath
and focus on running.
If we slow down
at all, it'll get us.
What? Scared of a monster?
Aren't you monsters, too?
[CENTAUR B gasps]
Them again?
Those are the pirates
who robbed us!
[CENTAUR D] Damn, you're right!
That one's wearing my coat!
[CENTAUR A] Forget about them!
Just run! Let's get to the lab.
[CENTAUR B] Don't forget,
they kidnapped Boss!
[CENTAURS]
We'll make you pay for that!
What's got them so worked up?
They seemed to be
running from something.
[ZORO] Hmm. They looked
scared, all right.
And they were coming
from the lake.
The one we saw earlier,
right, Brook?
What? Yes, that's correct.
The lake's that way.
The same direction
we were headed.
Why, what are you
thinking, Zoro?
[ZORO] Well, if it is
actually the same lake,
where did that
mountain come from?
Huh. How strange.
Wait! That's not a mountain.
What the hell?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughing]
Heh. Smiley was the the
so-called chemical weapon
explosion that occurred
four years ago,
right here on Punk Hazard.
[MONKEYS screeching]
[CAESAR CLOWN] I had been
developing a poison gas bomb,
which I dubbed H2S.
It was so deliciously effective
that when it was
unleashed on the island,
it killed everything in its path
within a matter of seconds.
[MARINES, PRISONERS groaning]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs] Did they
seriously believe I would
purify the island of
my experiment entirely?
Who would be so wasteful?
Well. Instead I
created a monster
by compressing all the gas,
and it lives here still.
My Smiley!
[laughing]
Yes. Punk Hazard
became uninhabitable.
A wasteland covered with
a blanket of death.
The poisonous threat seemed
to disappear with my arrival.
In truth, it's been
lingering here all along.
Waiting to be unleashed.
[cackling]
[NAMI (SANJI)] He won't get his
hands on these children again.
They were drugged and
used as test subjects.
They've suffered
more than enough.
This Master, though.
I'd like to make him suffer.
Okay. Well, let's go
and kidnap the guy,
and you'll get your chance. Heh.
[FRANKY]
Yeah, let's move.
We need to get going, or else
we're gonna miss our window.
[LUFFY] Don't worry.
I already came up with a plan.
Huh?
Did you?
Yeah! A good one!
[MARINE H]
We did it! We got their ship!
Don't let them get
out to sea! [groans]
Finish them off!
Let's end this quickly!
Smoker! I don't know
what I'm doing!
How do I turn back?
You're getting in the way.
Just stay still for right now.
[MARINES grunting]
Come on, you idiots,
get that door open!
That rat is hiding
out in his lab.
We can't exterminate him
from all the way out here.
[MARINE G] It's no use, Smokey!
The door won't budge. Sorry!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) sighs]
Damn it all.
If only I were in my own body.
I could get inside there easily.
Instead, I'm stuck like this.
[LAW]
Room.
[CHOPPER gasping]
[CHOPPER]
That was awesome!
You're power is super cool.
Did we just teleport?
[LAW]
Shut up and stay inside the bag.
We've almost reached
the back door of the lab.
They should be working
in the main room.
Caesar and probably
that bird-woman.
Here's what we do.
I'll try to find a way to
get them out of this place.
While we're gone,
you look around
and see what you can
learn about the drug.
I don't understand.
It seems like you've got pretty
easy access to the Master.
And your power is strong.
Wouldn't it be simpler to
go ahead and capture him?
Then we'd have plenty of time
to find out about the drug.
I can't take him down myself.
There are certain
circumstances preventing that,
which is why I involved you.
[LAW] You don't need to
know the specifics.
All I'm asking your crew
to do is kidnap him.
I'll take care of the rest.
[CENTAURS, MARINES yelling]
Hey, you guys, look over there!
[LAW]
Hm?
[gasps]
What in the hell is that thing?
[MARINE J]
It's headed right for us!
[MARINE K]
Is it some kind of missile?
Nope. It's not a missile!
Go. Cien Fleurs. Wing!
[LUFFY]
Wham!
[FRANKY]
Yeah!
[BOTH gasp]
What the hell? It talked!
But missiles can't talk!
[CENTAUR G]
Huh?
[CENTAUR G gasps]
[FRANKY]
Hot damn!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[chuckles] Killer
shortcut there, Luffy.
All right, come on out,
Master dude!
Or else we'll
break into your lab
before we kick your
ass and kidnap you!
Luffy, that was
supposed to be secret.
Him again!
[gasps]
Crap, it's the Straw Hat crew!
[MARINES gasp]
[CHOPPER]
Go, Luffy, go!
Damn loud mouth!
Are you capable of
doing anything quietly?
[LUFFY] Where are you,
Master? Show yourself!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR]
Luffy and friends battle it out
with the Navy's G-5,
led by Smoker.
After the intense
battle concludes,
a way inside the laboratory
suddenly appears.
Just then, Caesar's deadly
Smiley weapons rain down,
one after another, plunging
everyone into fear and chaos.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"On the Verge of Annihilation!
A Deadly Monster
Comes Flying In!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!